Website

SAMPLE
https://www.warbyparker.com/  - Main Structure
https://www.uniqlo.com/id/id/. - Web Design



SOP Customer Order
Customer
Customer -> Product List Page -> Product Detail Page -> Add to Cart -> Cart Page -> Checkout -> Payment -> Order Success Page -> Order Summary Page

Backend - Website Order
Order Received -> Accept Order in ERP (Able to bulk Accept) -> Auto-generate Tracking No. & Shipping Label -> ERP automatically updates the tracking no. for the customer order -> WMS User choose the order to print Shipping Label (100mm x 150mm Label) ->Order Automatically goes to ‘Process Order’ for ‘Picking & Packing’ after Shipping label printed-> ‘Picking & Packing’ SOP -> ‘Package Handover’ SOP

Backend - Marketplace Order
Order Received -> Accept Order in ERP (Able to bulk Accept) -> Auto-generate Tracking No. & Shipping Label -> ERP automatically updates the tracking no. for the customer order -> WMS User choose the order to print Shipping Label -> ERP creates a pdf for user to print the shipping label (100mm x 150mm Label) ; Shipping label printing order is sorted by to Latest Order to Most Recent Order -> Order Automatically goes to ‘Process Order’ for ‘Picking & Packing’ after Shipping label printed-> ‘Picking & Packing’ -> ‘Package Handover’

Picking & Packing SOP
1. Picker pick product based on the order Shipping Label
2. Compile into # basket (# = no. of orders; 1 order = 1 basket)
3. Picker scans his/her user ID once
4. Scan the order’s tracking no. / order no.
5. Hand over to Packer
6. Packer scans his/her user ID once
7. Scan the order’s tracking no. / order no.
8. ERP displays the product list for each order
9. Scan products one by one that is in the basket
- Product will be “ticked” according to the list, generate sound when scanned and if the product scanned is correct.
- Product scanned is wrong and it is not in the list. Generate a ‘WRONG’ sound
- User cannot proceed if the order is not complete. 
- If order is complete, the order list is automatically refreshed and prompt to scan a new tracking no. / order no.
10. If the order is not complete / picked the wrong products, whole order basket need to be sent back to Picker

Package Handover
1. Sender / Courrier gather all the orders
2. ERP display the list of ‘Packed’ Orders in ‘Ready to be Shipped’ column
3. Sender / Courrier scan each ‘Packed’ Orders
4. The list of ‘Packed’ orders moves from ‘Ready t






Video transcript1

Okay, let me download the things and then we can do a moment guys. Let's do a chat screen. You share screen? I have to do that? Yeah, I can see. Oh, perfect. It's just the last. yeah okay can it be seen by everyone i think the this is the main thing that uh kevin needs so maybe i'll let him take over to actually explain exactly what in this site maps does he need and if there's any competitors that you can actually share with us and you know you can you can actually see how to actually customize customize the problem okay uh actually from for the start i'm just saying that that I just need a web app that is like an e-commerce website. Yeah. So for e-commerce website, I just need customers that is able to purchase products from a payment gateway, which I am going to use is... using Zendit and I need that payment gateway. That's the first and the most important thing. And the thing is that I need a connection for my current WMS warehouse management system software that connects to this web app also. So the store of my products will be auto sync. It will be auto-synced and updated every time. Because the stocks are always moving, because it's connected to quite a few marketplaces outside, which is the Shopee, TikTok, and Tokopedia in Indonesia. So I need it to be refreshed and updated. The stocks need to be refreshed and updated like in every few seconds. So the... Jubilee is the warehouse management, right? Sorry? What is the name of the website which does this warehouse management? Let me type it for you. Okay. Thank you. So if I'm not wrong, you upload your items in that warehouse management, right? And from that, it goes to website. Yeah, that's right. Okay. I don't mind sharing the access to you. Okay. Or like maybe a day, you can try to see all the... all the functions in there. I need everything that is inside my warehouse management system. There's quite a few more features that I need you to integrate to this ERP and web. So bro, he was mentioning that he wanted to link Shopee, Zada, Meta, Instagram, So link means you want to have short reel or something about your products in those social media platforms, right? Sorry, what do you mean just now? Okay, my point is suppose you want to connect to Instagram, right? What do you mean by connecting? It's like your whatever is present your product, the product which you want to sell you on a website, you want some real based on that product to be placed on Instagram. Is that correct? Or what do you want connection? I want the connection, it goes both ways, which is one is the stocks and also I can update from the ERP that you are going to make that let's say the title of the product, the description of the product and the variants and all the information for my products, I can Just with one click, it updates automatically to all my shops in Shopee, Tokopedia, TikTok and other few platforms there. And it's not a video, it's just a text message, right? Or you want some kind of a reel? So for example, when you sell something, when you post something, it's like Amazon, when you post there, you need to have some product descriptions, the images. So what he wants is when he actually change any details from any product, to actually put, change one shot, one click, everything change together. So Shopee, Lazada, Tokopay, they change together. Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's one of the connection. And another one is that the sales of the product, that is from my marketplace and also from the web app. So every time there is a customer who comes and purchase one of my products, the order will be sent to the ERP. So all the details will also be transferred into the ERP. So yeah. ERP means Jubilee, right? ERP which means that the software that I don't know what you call that but it's the software that you're going to make. That's what I meant. Because for the Jubilee, it's only a warehouse management system. Actually, it also includes all the sales and the purchase, like includes accounting and finance incident. Yeah, I was accepting. Yeah, you can try to explore, I mean, explore the warehouse management system later. We call it Omni Channel in Indonesia. I don't know whether you, have you heard before or not? No, I have not heard but I understood. Okay. Sure. Okay. For that, yeah. So, a few things. He also wants like an AI analysis of the custom of his competitors in the platforms. So, one is the market platforms. The other one is the social media platforms. For example, for the market platforms, he wants to see if he's selling socks. So another shop that is selling socks, the AI can identify who is his competitor or he knows who is his competitor, he keyed in to the AI system. AI can actually recognize which are the champion products for what whatever the competitor is selling and and to keep it updated or if he wants daily right like how many are they selling because these are all available on the the shopping website so you can use the scrapper to scrap all those tps like i don't know how many sold today if there's an update then yeah it will be all there okay There's one website is called I just sent the link to you. You can try to see this is one of the, this is not AI but it's a market analysis tool. for you to uh for for us to analyze our competitors always so i've never tried this tool before but uh from what i heard from my friend it's quite powerful but it doesn't have any ai in in it So I just wanted to see if is there any possible ways for you to integrate AI into this tool so you can use it more easily. Understood. Okay. And... So, the main thing is still like the customer competitor analysis. To analyze the customer for what they are doing correct and to actually also be better at it also. So, the other thing that Kavin will need is actually the food stream. The food stream system is where you can actually post all the social media, right? For example, if you have Facebook, Instagram, and any other social media, once you post, you can post everything together. Plus, the post itself, it will change the dimensions to suit your post. For example, Instagram has a unique dimension for posts, then you will change its dimension to that. If Facebook has a big screen one, so you will change to that. So you actually change all the details for all the different social media posts. He's actually requiring something like a AI feature to create panels and social medias for them. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, this can be done. So basically the TALO data that he's saying is basically it helps to collect data from like the different platforms. Shopee is one of them that his friend is currently using right now and they can actually collect all the like marketing data, how much his marketing has spent and how much is the conversion and things like that. Yeah, yeah, that's true. Okay, so one thing that he sees Indonesian market needs is to actually see the COGS. to help the clients calculate the cost of goods and price they are getting in. Because a lot of Indonesians here, they are just trying to fight for price. So they don't even realize how much they are paying for their staff, their rental, their warehousing, etc. So when they go and try to... Often they are giving a discount for the price and they are making a loss out of it. i didn't get this harvey can you explain okay what is the actual selling price by analyzing their staff costs of course and all other internal fees. The main thing is they have all these fees that they are incurring right, but they don't know that, for example, they buy the goods. Let's say land is $5, but they want to sell for like $6, but actually $6 doesn't cover their costs. Because their cost will include things like staff costs, their warehouse costs, and other software costs, things like that. So, These are the things that Indonesians are facing when they price their product. They don't have all these things in place. So when they actually try to price it in, they just price it as such and they lose money as a result. So do we have a recording of all these costs? If you can give all these costs, then it can be done. You can break it down for you. My cousin has all the costs. So you can break it down. And also, he also wants an AI analysis of competitor products. costs and price. Who are the competitors? Do you have a list? Can the AI identify who are the competitors? So for example, if you sell socks, then the AI will go into the different shops and Instagrams to go and find out who are the possible competitors. And then the user can filter out who are the competitors and agree that these are the competitors. And then from there, they can actually go and find out what is the price that the competitors are selling at and what's the price they should be selling at. Okay. so basically you're saying you don't know the competitors you want ai to find the competitors and then analyze they might know they might know some but you know the alike should be able to just tell them more okay okay Like which are more okay, I'll discuss those questions later because there are a lot of a lot of requirements. So we need to prioritize. Okay, which one is most important than which one because it looks a big big product right overall if you add all those things. Yeah, that is a second secondary thing. Okay. Anything else? Actually for the this is this is for the ERP right? I'm looking for if for the website. Actually for the website, it's just basic e-commerce. So I just run through quite quickly for you. I mean, the product list, I just want a normal category list that... category list product list and also promo list uh i don't i don't really need that okay okay and also for the product list i i need a filter and sort sorting feature right yeah so the for let's say um for the filter is like the user can filter from price range and eye color. Right. Also the category. Right. Just those few things. Just those few basic things. It doesn't need quite a lot. And also the static page. I need the frequent asked questions. which is on Harvey's screen, which is frequent asked question, term and condition, disclaimer, contact us and search result. I do need that for the search result. Okay. And also I need the user to be able to create a user in that website. So they have their own dashboard. They can track their orders. Yeah. So they can track their orders for the I don't know whether you can do this or not because like Shopee, when you buy things, when I the status of the order will automatically change when it detects that I've already sent to the expedition. Can you do that? How do you tell the system that you have sent? I mean, in Shopee, how do you do that? I mean, if there is a connection, you have it. In Shopee, there's a few steps for the packing of the order. So the first step is just to accept the order, then pack the order. Then after that, Shopee will automatically create a tracking number for that particular order. And that's on the Expedition site, which is for Shopee is linked into the Shopee system. So it will automatically create before I send the product, the Expedition has already given me the tracking number in advance. Okay, let me try if we can do that. So Expedition means there is some company, right? What are... yeah i'm i'm trying to tell you for uh for the company for the company i can write it down for you quite a few okay there's quite a few this can be the website will be in english or will be like indonesian bahasa which language I would prefer both. I mean, I said you can toggle. Okay. You can toggle, right? Okay. For the first time user, for the default, it will be Indonesian. Okay. Okay. I sent through the... Okay. So that's also one of that. And also for the user, they can dispute for if they want to return the product or refund the product, they will get a button. That's possible. Sorry. And you notify me as the seller. right but you're talking about shopee or you're talking about your website uh website website website so your website you also want to let them dispute yeah don't let them dispute already they must need to dispute for me i i think if i'm not if i'm not uh google mail you think i'll dispute okay yeah So you allow them to dispute, right? But the whole SOP change. So for example, if let's say you want to dispute, the whole opening process must be deduced down. You must send me. Second is when you send me, right? As long as you send me, the person who is supposed to collect item must check. So I think all three things, like the things that you told me yesterday, where, you know, the driver or the rider doesn't check. If they dispute, it's under... Because this is not... If they purchase the product from my website, they will

Transcribed by https://www.uniscribe.co


video transcript2

SOP change. So for example, if let's say you want to dispute, the whole opening process must be deducted down. You must send me. Secondly, when you send me, right, as long as you send me, the person who is supposed to collect item must check. So I think all three things, like the things that you told me yesterday, where you know the driver or the rider doesn't check. If they dispute, it's under... Because this is not... If they purchase the product from my website, they will... Actually you should make them send back. So they will be deterred not to send back. I have thought about that but we didn't do that. Because the cost, I don't want to lose a lot of money there Because my return rate is very low So I don't mind for them to dispute So if they want to refund or something Because we always give them a dispute So if they are unhappy, they can And you need to give the dispute SOP Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So the whole SOP must be clear so that he can hack it for you on the site itself. You have to... I mean, as in... How do I call you? Rahul. Rahul. You can call him handsome also. Okay, okay. But... Rahul, um... There's two different SOPs for my website order and also for my social marketplace orders. So there will be two SOPs for that. Okay. A little bit different from this. Just different, different order. Can you have to tell me what are those SOPs? Okay, okay. I'll write it down. I'll write the SOP down for you. I mean, I draw the SOP map for you. Okay, thank you. And also for the register form. And also they can, for the user in my website, the customer's user, they can edit profile. They can put in wishlist also. For the wishes, it's quite important because I need to grab their data from there. I need to know which product they are interested in. And also for the other functions is search, sort, filter, which just now I've already told you. And also the delivery status, I also have already told you. So for the website, basically it's just like that, not much. And I also can I ask if the website, the design, is it from you guys or do I need to? That's why I was about to ask, do you have any preference theme or something? Do you have something in your mind we can use that? Otherwise we will come up with our own and then we'll take your feedback. Maybe, can I give you a few samples from the general websites? Yeah, yeah. Sure. Alright, then there's a few things that I need to give you. Okay, I think that's all for the website. Okay. Yeah. I think mainly we start with the website first then for the ERP side I think Rahul bro maybe you need to take a look at Jublio first after you take a look at Jublio then we have another call because in jobulio itself right i believe uh at least this is the base needs that you need last then if there's any other like things for marketing or crawling uh then yeah oh bro he's also interested in what eric eric wants to crawl to crawl the task from telegram or you know people's social media okay okay yeah i mean share this with you on the gray side it's fine What what? The grey side is okay. Okay. He will check lightly. If the grey side thinks. Can I get your email? Email? Yeah, I need to create an account for the Jubileo for you. For your access. Okay, yeah. So it's my personal ID at 90k.rahuld Sorry, can you type it for me in the chat? I'll send you. I'll send you. I'll send you. Okay. Yeah, I mean, I've got the basic idea. Let me like formalize those things and then I'll get back to you to confirm. And I'll also see the websites. Mention those websites. I will look at it and then I'll come up. Okay. And F2Ps, that is also important. Sorry? SOPs. Two SOPs you were saying, right? Oh, okay, okay. Yeah, once I have those things, then I can come up with like next tasks. How are we going to do it? I think we have a group already, right? Do we have a group? Then I create a group. Then I'll send the meeting minutes inside. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Anything else? That's all. That's all. I don't think for now we do this first. Then I think you can come up with a timeline and a clear indication of what's needed first. Then you can give the question. Yeah. That's a strict budget, bro. The main thing they need right now is a website, web app, and native application. So they see whether... Okay, we need upfront. The budget is about... 4k UST 4.1k UST right so you see whether you can get it done in the in the in the full situations let me see I mean first I need to know the SOPs I need to know these websites and then I'll prepare a document then I'll come back to so it's hard to tell now okay sure okay okay thanks guys thank you for everything inside the group that we have uh yeah please share this video also i mean i'll go through again i try to share it in whatsapp but i was feeding you yeah telegram is the only way yeah okay thanks thanks kevin thanks no problem thank you bye

Transcribed by https://www.uniscribe.co

video transcript3


